you
hi everyone 7 thousandths the
bearded gentleman who presents you with
from time to time mangas like that a
couscous to and so actually
welcome to this show which is the
manga corner today to decide to
tell you about a manga and are
animated god knows they are your god
knows they are great and they are
also slowly gaining
the heart of otakus it is of course
from chinguetti nokia jean alias the attacked
titans for us French poor
I think you know it especially if
you read bakuman at the publication of a
manga in Japan is not easy
mangaka hajime isayama has moreover
does the chinguetti nokia jean fees is
the fruit of long-term work
at first it's a one shot
who had drawn it in the hope of being
published in the shônen jump following a
refusal from the publisher
he decided to turn to the weekly
shonen kodansha magazine who him
will receive the price of the
best creation of the grand prize of the
manga it's finally in 2009 that
will start the publication of chinguetti nokia
jeans in all bookstores in Japan
after which success was not achieved
expect
at the time I'm talking to you know that he
this is the seventh series having
exceeded 20 million sales
and this with only 11 volumes to his
active a record that made drool over
a
but why such a success I will you
give some answers but
before that I will introduce you
the story of this manga not banal
the history of chinguetti nokia jean se
unfolds in a world devastated by
titans in huge creatures of
several meters high whose only
instinct will be that of feeding
of men a hundred years after the extermination
almost total of humanity it remains
that a small cloistered population in
a gigantic site is protected by
three circular walls preventing
giants to penetrate
the characters that we will follow in the
manga will be mainly and reindeer and
jaeger micasa ackermann and armin arlette
three young childhood friends and even a
little more than that since micasa is
actually the adopted sister of and reindeer
but be careful I do not tell you
more
while humanity finally believed itself
spared a huge titan much bigger
that all his comparable called the
colossal comes to create a breach in the
first wall of the city massacre of
hopes impotence here are so many words
which symbolizes this moment of violence
extreme during which queen will see her
mother getting copiously shredded
under his eyes
following this he made the decision
to eradicate purely and simply
titans he will then become soldiers to
sides of micasa and armin who follow him
a stupid thing that I thought was great
at this moment of the manga we do not attend
at the ascent of the hero the idea is not
there then no not drive
things that will make you turn into
and who will last you
hours and hours
no many ellipses are so
made to follow the trio and their
colleagues once in office
if we find some shenen codes
with eren the brave hero micasa at
genius talent too dark and armin the
not very strong but very intelligent
must admit that the intensity of the
narration makes us quickly forget
the standards to give rise to a
plot that goes more than once you
surprise difficult not to you
spoiler to give you some
examples but know that the deaths of
attaching secondary characters will be
legions and revelations about the origin
Titans led cleverly for you
to think without too much
tell you
so let's talk specifically about the anim
now I think I can say
without worry that this is the cream of
the cream from a technical point of view
I like to say that it's a bit of the game of
animated thrones in the sense that we
attends a real bidding for
the pupils time the work done on
the environment and the phases of action
leave him speechless to defeat the titans
soldiers use swords and a
displacement system called maneuver
three-dimensional
basically it's a kind of harness
as soon as they come out two huge cable
to swing and to arrive
very quickly on a specific area
animated makes of honor at these
actions that become ultra dynamic
with a quantity of details always
more crazy big efforts have also
been made on the pace of storytelling
which lends itself perfectly to the format and
who comes to leave at each episode end
a cliffhanger that drives to
the sequence of the complete series in
an evening
now let's quickly get back to the
question I was asking just now
why such a success is well in
a few words I would say originality
rigor but especially intensity the
universal vector to create a work
who marks remains and will always remain
the emotion and dancings and pinocchio jeans
they are exploited all the attention is
omnipresent in front of this force
supernatural who does not seem to have any
limits and fear of men just as
their discomfort with confinement is
almost palpable
otherwise ignorance whether it's the
yours or that of the manga characters
to something confusing that leaves
a huge part to the assumptions and I
find that frankly cool
the themes addressed are as to
they are not very numerous but they
are exploited so deeply
and served with such care on the rhythm
that magic works wonderfully
so it's true we feel a little bit of
clumsiness in the manga with a drawing
not necessarily brilliant and a hint of
outbid with some dead but I
the redis is the intensity that makes it
here its quality
by the way it does not have much
to see but did you know that one
adaptation in games 3ds to take them out at
Japan
I am curious to see that in France
in the end I can only you
advise you to turn to this
chinguetti nokia jeans whatever it is
the animated or the manga
both are interesting to discover
and do not think that because
its base and because it is
mainstream is a work that is missing
quality normally it does not work
not always like that and well
luckily by the way on this well
I wish you good viewing of
good readings and I tell you to very
soon for a new episode of the point
manga go hi everyone
Oh